Memory:
None of these instructions have an effect on the flags register.

All instrutions when invoked with a bank register, or BANKDIS, may throw a software
interrupt with code 0x01 if bank access has been disabled.

MOV A, B:
    Moves the value B to A
    A is a register, R0-R15, B0-B7, to write directly to, an absolute memory address
    to write to or a register, R0-R15, pointing to an address to write to (with or
    without an offset).
    B is a literal to use directly, a register (R0-R15, B0-B7, PC, IC or FL) to read
    directly from, an absolute memory address to read from or a register, R0-R15,
    pointing to an address to read from (with or without an offset).

IMP A:
    Import memory into bank A
    A is a bank register, B0-B7, which contains the address of the page to write to its
    corresponding bank.

FLSH A:
    Flushes bank A to memory
    A is a bank register, B0-B7, which contains the address of the page to write to its
    corresponding bank.

CACHE A:
    Sets A to caching mode
    A is a data bank register, B4-B7, representing the bank to switch to caching mode.

PASSTHR A:
    Sets A to pass-through mode
    A is a data bank register, B4-B7, representing the bank to switch to pass-through mode.

BANKDIS:
    Disables bank register operations until the next interrupt

SETIVPR A:
    Sets the interrupt vector page register
    A is some literal representing an address
    Throws software interrupt 0x03 if called when interrupts are enabled

Arithmetic:
All these instructions take a destination "A", and operands "B" and possibly "C". All
these "A", "B" and "C" are general purpose registers R0-R15. These instructions all
consider the values in these registers than the register numbers themselves.

All these will set the zero flag is the result of the calculation is 0, or clear it if
the result is not zero, but some instructions have additional flag behaviour.

ADD A, B, C:
    Sets A to the value of B + C
    Flags:
	Overflow flag - Set if B + C causes overflow, cleared otherwise

SUB A, B, C:
    Sets A to the value of B - C
    Flags:
	Overflow flag - Cleared if B - C causes underflow, set otherwise

NEG A, B:
    Sets A to the value of -B (negation)
    Flags:
	Overflow flag - Set if -B causes overflow, cleared otherwise

AND A, B, C:
    Sets A to B & C (bitwise AND)

OR A, B, C:
    Sets A to B | C (bitwise OR)

NOT A, B:
    Set A to ~B (complement)

XOR A, B, C:
    Sets A to B ^ C (bitwise XOR)

ARSH A, B:
    Sets A to the right arithmetic shift of B performed once
    Flags:
        Overflow flag - Set if a 1 bit is lost by the shift, cleared otherwise

LRSH A, B:
    Sets A to the right logical shift of B performed once
    Flags:
        Overflow flag - Set if a 1 bit is lost by the shift, cleared otherwise

ROL A, B:
    Sets A to the left rotation of B performed once

ROR A, B:
    Sets A to the right rotation of B performed once


Comparison:
The comparison instructions work on two operands, "A" and "B", which are general
purpose registers R0-R15. These comparisons are consider the values in these registers
rather than the register numbers themselves.

These instructions have the same flag behaviour:
    Less flag    - Set if A < B
    Equal flag   - Set if A = B
    Greater flag - Set if A > B

UCMP A, B:
    Compares A and B for effects on the flags register, using unsigned A and B

SCMP A, B:
    Compares A and B for effects on the flags register, using signed A and B


Branching:
All these instructions take an operand "A". This "A" can be an absolute address, an
address offset from PC or an address offset from any register R0-R15.

All of these have the same flag register behaviour:
    If using an absolute address, the zero flag is set if A is 0, otherwise it is
    cleared.

    If using an offset address, say from register R (PC or R0-R15) and offset D,
    then:
        Zero flag     - Set if R + D is 0, cleared otherwise
	Overflow flag - Set if R + D causes overflow, cleared otherwise

JMP A:
    Jumps execution to address A

JZ A:
    Jumps execution to address A if the zero flag is set

JNZ A:
    Jumps execution to address A if the zero flag is not set

JE A:
    Jumps execution to address A if the equal flag is set

JNE A:
    Jumps execution to address A if the equal flag is not set

JG A:
    Jumps execution to address A if the greater flag is set

JNG A:
    Jumps execution to address A if the greater flag is not set

JL A:
    Jumps execution to address A if the less flag is set

JNL A:
    Jumps execution to address A if the less flag is not set

JO A:
    Jumps execution to address A if the overflow flag is set

JNO A:
    Jumps execution to address A if the overflow flag is not set

JC A:
    Jumps execution to address A if the carry flag is set

JNC A:
    Jumps execution to address A if the carry flag is not set

RETI:
    Enable interrupts and return execution to the address in the interrupt
    address register
    Throws software interrupt code 0x02 if invoked when interrupts are already enabled

Miscellaneous:

NOP:
    A null operation, does nothing
    Has no effect the flag register
